README.md, before:

# 📖 Minimalist Book Manager API

## Introduction
This is the starter repository for the Further APIs session. It provides a start to creating a Minimalist Book Manager API
using a Test-Driven Development approach.

### Pre-Requisites
- Java SE Development Kit 11
- Maven

### Technologies & Dependencies
- Spring Boot
- Spring Web
- H2 Database
- Lombok
- Spring Data JPA

### How to Get Started
- Fork this repo to your Github and then clone the forked version of this repo

### Main Entry Point
- The Main Entry Point for the application is: [BookmanagerApplication.java](src/main/java/com/techreturners/bookmanager/BookmanagerApplication.java)

### Running the Unit Tests
- You can run the unit tests in IntelliJ, or you can go to your terminal and inside the root of this directory, run:

`mvn test`

### Tasks

Here are some tasks for you to work on:

📘 Task 1: Implement the following User Story with tests.

`User Story: As a user, I want to use the Book Manager API to delete a book using its ID`


📘 Extension Task: Oh no! 😭 We've only covered the happy paths in the solution, can you figure out a way
to add in exception handling to the project? 

- Clue 1: What if someone wants to add a book with an ID for a book that already exists? How do we handle this gracefully?


- Clue 2: What if someone wants to find a book by an ID that doesn't yet exist? 
  How can we improve the API by handling errors gracefully and show a helpful message to the client?

Commit message:

Implementation of user story task. 1 Controller and 1 Service test

README.md, after:

# 📖 Minimalist Book Manager API

## Introduction
This is the starter repository for the Further APIs session. It provides a start to creating a Minimalist Book Manager API
using a Test-Driven Development approach.

### Pre-Requisites
- Java SE Development Kit 11
- Maven

### Technologies & Dependencies
- Spring Boot
- Spring Web
- H2 Database
- Lombok
- Spring Data JPA

### How to Get Started
- Fork this repo to your Github and then clone the forked version of this repo

### Main Entry Point
- The Main Entry Point for the application is: [BookmanagerApplication.java](src/main/java/com/techreturners/bookmanager/BookmanagerApplication.java)

### Running the Unit Tests
- You can run the unit tests in IntelliJ, or you can go to your terminal and inside the root of this directory, run:

`mvn test`

### Tasks

Here are some tasks for you to work on:

📘 Task 1: Implement the following User Story with tests.

`User Story: As a user, I want to use the Book Manager API to delete a book using its ID`

User story implemented with BookManagerControllerTests and BookManagerServiceTests which use mock objects to isolate dependencies.

📘 Extension Task: Oh no! 😭 We've only covered the happy paths in the solution, can you figure out a way
to add in exception handling to the project? 

- Clue 1: What if someone wants to add a book with an ID for a book that already exists? How do we handle this gracefully?


- Clue 2: What if someone wants to find a book by an ID that doesn't yet exist? 
  How can we improve the API by handling errors gracefully and show a helpful message to the client?
